hi this is Mata in this video I'm going
to show you for a night's game this is
the game between Alaska and England
played in Scheveningen in 1913 very old
game but it's worth showing why started
efore v5 9 f3 knight c6 Bishop to b5
looks like Spanish or relocate opening
93-94 how to continue now do you take
the pawn on e5 or knight on d4 white
plate Knight takes e5 27 attacking the
knight Knight f3 black takes the pawn
what's the best move now the best is to
Castle Knight c3 was played you have a
choice to take XB or with D pawn white
capture the D pawn away from the center
but opening the way for the bishop
now night of three was plain and white
capture with a queen come in to see if I
was play the attacking the bishop making
room for the black Bishop to come out
and instead of moving the Bishop rook
even let's play check Bishop e7 and now
queen
sorry Bishop to d3 in case if black
casters now what do you think is the
best move in this position this is the
best move for King Bishop and h7 pawn of
course if in case black makes this move
them you hell is Queen e7 winning the
bishop that's why black played d5 and
now white played Bishop e3 attacking the
Queen and Queen b6 and Bishop therefore
I get attacking the Queen Queen at 6 and
in case if Bishop takes then you will
have exchange of Queens
not so bad for black instead white
captured on d5 now should black take the
bishop or not he done it because if he
takes the bishop then we would have this
variation Bishop to b5 check c6 Bishop
takes we take C and Queen c6 check
winning the rook that's why after Queen
to d5 black played c6 which looks like a
better move Queenie four okay can black
car so now what will happen then you can
win the bishop no just kidding because
of checkmate
okay that's why black can't cards
looking side he played Bishop to e6
right play the rope from A to D 1 and
black castle the Queen side
and he relaxed a little bit in his chair
he thought finally I cast her now and my
king is safe but he was wrong why what
do you think white played in this
position do you push the pawns okay I'll
give you a couple of seconds to find the
best move but I'll give you a tip this
was absolute killer move can you see
that move if you saw this one
congratulations check back here to take
and now Bishop a6
checkmate hmm is that beautiful game or
not what do you think thank you for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and I wish you good luck with
your chess